hello to all of you adopted and this is the first
Part of the mini guides on the battlefield 4
if your plane is subspecific and you need
rush you can crash into
tree after which your plane of course
stops and you can safely
repair as much as you like and of course
same if you manage to soar you
can fly and bend the whole server
Further on the map, the alien signal can be
gain significant advantage in
the start of the round is the fastest
climbing into a sniper position on
of this tower and so after you
climbed up
you can stay here or
continue your way straight to the center
maps from this position you will see
almost the entire map except
you can't shoot through a plate
if suddenly you got cold on the cards
operations are locked up you can well
warm up in this passage
not only do you warm up
a couple of enemies but be careful if
you play hardcore fry not
only enemies but also your allies
as you know on this map very much
doors that can be closed
we don't need you to run all the time
look for the weekend all you need
make it find red
flashing switches just shoot
according to him
the doors magically opens and you
can run further
90 percent of players run straight
through the turnstile here giving the most
separation position is noted on his
minimap
so that this does not happen to you only
need to jump to jump between these
turnstile
also on the operation map in the ban can
get on any of the 2 balconies you
climbing there you get
awesome advantages over yours
enemies for example in oblique flight mode
extermination as the bomb appears
right in the center of the map where you own
are another bonus is
what led here is not shooting through it
gives you extra protection also
possible to climb up to the balcony below
carp plant has two roofs on which
often sit sniper and they all close
a hatch so get to them
almost impossible but there is a simple
way to open it all you need
to make
jump on the railing and in the jump press
action button hatch opens and all
what you have to do is climb
cut the cherished tokens
do not forget to subscribe to the channel
put your thumbs up and shoot down
small helicopter and down hope my
guide you at least something helped further
everything will be much more interesting fun and
by disease